Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
Tellerik create compelling app experiences
across any screen with the
Tellerik platform Telerx end to
end platform. Uniquely combines industry
leading UI tools with cloud
services to simplify the entire
app development cycle Tellerik offers
everything.net developers need to build
quality apps faster. Try it
free at tellerik.com/platform. That's tellerik.com/platform.
From Hanselman it's dot
com. It's Hanselman. It's a
weekly discussion with web developer
and technologist Scott Hanselman. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
four 29. In this episode,
Scott talks with Laura's Clinton
about developing for windows phone
8.1. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman, and this is another
episode of Hansel minutes. And
I am talking with Lars
Clint. He is a windows
phone developer MVP, and he
is deeply, deeply passionate about
the windows phone platform. I
like the platform, but he's
here to sell me on.
What's really amazing about windows
phone. Even though I have
an app in the app
store, I still get yelled
at for having an iPhone.
So Laura's is going to
sell me on a, on
the great grand future. How's
it going? Yeah. Good. How
are you, Scott? I'm pretty
good. Thank you for, for
reaching out to me about
this. Cause I know that
you're a big developer on
the windows phone platform. What's
your, what's your biggest app?
I have a biggest episode.
I'd try and do lots
of little explorative apps. A
lot of my MVP background
is really around helping others
develop apps and mentoring and
exploring and being loud. So
do you do this as
your day job? No. No,
not at all. No. I
rarely get to touch windows
phone as my day job.
That's why I have to
do it in my own
time. It's it's I can't,
I can't help it. I
just do it well. That's
interesting. So I actually kind
of speaks to your sense
of the strength of the
platform that you are dedicating
volunteer time for this. What
phone do you have? I
have a 10 2010 20.
So that's the one with
the 43 megapixel super camera
that everyone talks about. Exactly.
Yeah, it is pretty unbelievable
camera. I've now pretty much
stopped carrying around my big
bulky Diaz alarm just because
it's worked so well. My
wife independently chose a 10
20 as her as her
camera. And once we set
up the, you know, the
one drive settings such that
she can easily get her
pictures off of it, she,
you know, she didn't want
to have to plug in
a USB cable and get
her pictures off that way.
So we said exactly. We
said, when it's on wifi,
put the best quality pictures
on one drive. So then
she, from her perspective, she,
as a nontechnical person, she
comes into the house to
make sure the phone's on.
She goes to one drive
and she waits and then
the pen and the pictures
show up and then she
copies them off of the
one drive. I don't know
if she knows how that
works, but it's magic and
she loves it. Yeah, my
partner's the same. She, she
has a 1520 now hold
on one of those four
and she just loves the
big screen. And the fact
that it's easy, she had,
yeah, she had iPhones before
and she just cracked it
with them. And I gave
her a couple of choices.
You chose the Android as
well, and she just chose
the windows phone. But the
big one though, the 1520,
especially for a woman, smaller
hands, that's a giant phone.
Yeah. But the cool thing
is that in a handbag,
you can almost always find
it. Okay. That's true. I
actually, someone walking across the
store, I was at a
stop light once and I
saw someone walking across the
street with a, a 15,
20, and from a distance.
I thought it was a
tablet that is a big
phones at a six inch
phone, six and a half.
It's six inches, six inches.
The thing is once you
start using it and you
start using it, you know,
with one hand, it takes
a couple of days and
you get used to it.
And now when she picks
up my phone, she's like,
God, it's tiny. As a
matter of perception, I've got
a, so I've got the,
my wife has a 10
20, and then for development,
I have the nine 20,
the red one. And then
I've got a white 15,
20 with the, what do
you call it? The little
case that folds up and
lets you kind of make
a little triangle shaped stand
and one, yeah, the stand
is lovely. That's a 10
ADP screen and for watching
Netflix or watching videos, and
now that I've got Plex,
the Plex application, I can
watch movies on a plane
and I almost don't need
an iPad. You know, you
almost don't need a tablet.
The screen is so big.
Does that say more about
what people use an iPad
for? Yeah. See, for me
an iPad for my wife,
it's words with friends and
movies. So that's basically what
the iPad is for. Yeah.
Right. It's surprising how many
people try to get work
done on that? No. No.
So the 15, 20 has
the Trinity piece screen, the
10, 20 and nine twenties
have the smaller screen. I
feel like the real sweet
spot. Like if there were
a phone that was going
to be the phone for
the people, it would be
the, I think what they
call the Verizon icon. The
gnocchi icon, I think is
that the nine 30 is
the internet a thing? No
everywhere else in the world
is nine 30. I think
we've arrived. And one is
the nine to nine or
something. But I agree if
it had the camera of
the 10, 20 will be
set. Right. So you'd have
a perfect camera. You have
the true view, camera 43
megapixels and then you'd have
a tenet P screen on
a four and a half
inch screens at the side.
I think it's five. Five.
Yeah. After using the 15,
20 giant fablet yeah. Yeah.
Well that's what it is
though. That's a big deal.
I know. I know. And
then switching back to my
iPhone S which is Just
the tiniest tiniest screen, it
is definitely definitely frustrating. But
of course the, the usage
of this all comes down
to apps. You know, that's
the thing, I always say
that when all the apps
are there, then I will,
then I will move. And
then recently we announced this
notion of universal apps and
I'm a little confused. We
had windows phone seven, then
we moved to eight and
the move from seven to
eight was the move from
a kind of a completely
Silverlight operating system to a,
an operating system kernel that
is based on what's in
windows eight. Is it Sort
of, yeah, it was, it
was never boring ideas from
it, but it wasn't really
there wasn't it wasn't a
true, I guess, convergence between
the two. So this is
now what's coming soon, you
know, rumors have it that,
you know, a couple of
weeks, all the, the updates
we'll be pushing, but we
pushed out to all the
current windows, eight devices, which
can all be updated to
8.1, which is cool. So
8.1, everyone will get 8.1.
Exactly. It will be forced
upon them almost, which is
not a bad thing because
it is fully compatible. So
there's, there's really no reason
not to upgrade. You get
an enormous amount of benefits
from it really. It should
have been called windows four
nine, I think. But I
guess the, the versioning needs
to be in line with
windows. Right. That's probably the
main reason. So yeah, there
are so there's universal apps
coming. And I guess what
that means is that you,
well, as a developer, you
can have a single project
or a single solution with
a few projects in it
that will be able to
tag it, both windows and
windows phone in a, I
guess, native way on the
same runtime. Okay. So when
I go file new project
in visual studio now, and
I say, I want to
have an app for both
windows 8.1 full screen apps.
We call store apps, formerly
Metro apps. And I want
to target the phone at
the exact same time I
get three projects. Is that
right? Yep. That's right. And
you get three projects. So
you get a film project,
you get a windows project
and you get a shared
project. And the shared project
is sort of, it's where
you put all your common
logic. It's similar to what
people have used before with
portable class libraries, but where
portable class libraries created a
DLL for you that you
then used in your project.
There's no deal now. So
it's more like a linked
project basically. Okay. Okay. So
this is a way of
saying this is all my
shared code. It's not going
to compile into a deal,
the result of that project.
So that project doesn't really
compile on its own. It
compiles within the context of
Exactly. Exactly. So you still
only get two compiled apps
that you then have on
windows and windows. And the
cool thing is then that
you can, you can publish
both to the, to the
app store or to the
store Microsoft store within, you
know, with the same, same
context. And when you compile
them and send them up
to the stores, the two
separate stores with the same
name, I believe there's an
it show up in the
store. It says that when
you ha, when I look
in the store and I
see an app, that's a
universal app. It says, Oh,
there's another one. Exactly. How
does that, Where does it
go based on ID or
how does it know that
I've got Fu app here
and Fu up there It's
based on a guru at
which they had some issues
with initially figuring out how
to then attach them the
phone apps to them because
they had different goods, but
I'm not a hundred percent
sure about the details, but
I believe they've sorted that
now. So, and then you
only have two to bide
wants as well. That'll work
on you and your phone
and your tablet, desktop, whatever
you're using, really. So, okay.
So then I, as like
I'm working on a windows
app right now, although I
am windows phone app, I'm
targeting eight, a phone eight
because I haven't, you know,
I'm going to wait until
it rolls out everywhere. And
one of the things that
I want is then to
make the, the companion app
that runs on windows. And
I want to roam my
settings between the two, Huh?
Yep. Mia, you, you can't
really do that with a
current windows phone. It, you
will have to either, you
know, upgrade, merge, whatever you
want to call it into
a universal app or windows,
windows store app, as they
also called a project. So
that might be something you
have to do. So right
now, if I wanted to
do that, I would, I
would hook up my saving
of settings two to one
drive using the SDK and
basically do it manually. But
I understand that with windows
8.1, the idea of saving
into one drive and having
your settings sync Is automatic.
That's right? Yeah. You have
a, it's called roaming roaming
setting the roaming profile for
memory, and you can use
about a hundred kilobytes of,
of storage that you get
that will roam seamlessly between
devices. Right. It's pretty cool.
So then I, I could
either write a whole bunch
of code now, you know,
several hundred lines of code
and figure it out or
just wait a little while.
And then when I target
my app to 8.1, it'll
just, Just be a bear
in mind. If you owned
Coney writing an app for
windows phone eight, you will
have to do a bit
of a hard work to
get it, to work as
a, as a universal app.
Or so this is the
confusing part with windows for
an 8.1. There are now
two ways developers can write
apps. And for some reason,
they're now called windows Silverlight
apps, which is purely for
phone. And this is using
the same runtime as you
have now with windows phone
eight. And then on the
other side, there is universal
apps, which is using the
windows runtime to run on
both phone and windows. So
you have to choose one
or the other when you
start your project. I see.
Okay. So we know that
windows phone was a primarily
as silver light world before
the, the XAML parsha was,
Silverlight kind of, the runtime
was Silverlight. And then now
that we're running this, this
new core underneath windows eight
and 8.1 expands on that
universal apps, are they more
kind of like windows RT?
Absolutely. They are. They are
windows. RTS. Okay. Okay. So
it's a unified runtime between
the two. Does that mean
that I've got feature parody
or all the things that
I can do in a
Silverlight app available today as
a universal app? No. No,
unfortunately not. So you can
possibly say them artists of
his maybe pushes out a
little bit early, but I
understand why. Cause you know,
they have to start somewhere,
but if you want to
do something like for when
universal apps, if you want
to do stuff like a
clipboard or be a ringtone
provider, set up alarms, do
a lock screen background app,
you can't do that. That's
not currently available. I do
understand that it's coming, but
you can't do that yet.
I see. So they've given
us some of the API
APIs or maybe the top
80%, but that, that last,
last mile is not there
yet. Exactly. And it's the
same if you want to
do well, I don't really
want to call them civil
on apps, but that's what
Microsoft calls them, but let's
call them windows for native
apps. If you want to
upgrade to 8.1, you can,
all your windows on eight
apps will run on 8.1
without, without a problem. But
if you say you were
wanting to, to port your
GPS usage or, you know,
an app that uses GPS
in some way as a
background provider, you can't do
that on 8.1 in Silverlight
or in the native apps.
So bear that in mind,
don't upgrade just Willy nilly.
Cause it might break a
whole bunch of stuff. Just
be, be mindful. Okay. So
let me think if I
understand this, then there are
features that I can have.
There are new features available
only to the newest app
model, which is universal apps.
Correct. But at the same
time, there are maybe some
underlying operating system features in
that aren't yet available in
universe collapse. Cause those projections
haven't been made available to
developers yet. Yep. Yep. That's
right. And then there are
also features that are not
available to Silverlight 8.1. That
wasn't 8.0. I see. So
it's all a little bit
of a mess it's heading
in the right direction. But
yeah, it's, it's, it's very
valuable to read up on
this before you start porting
or developing. Yeah. Like my
application is a as an
audio podcasting application for news
reading the news, I would
want to check out the,
the roaming of settings, which
is very important to me,
but most important is background
audio. So I would hate
to go, you know, halfway
into doing this and then
discover that some important aspect
of the background, audio services
and available to me as
a universal app yet. Exactly.
And that is or not,
I haven't checked. I actually
believe that it isn't, I
haven't tested that feature cause
I haven't done anything with
a background on you, but
I believe there are some
breaking changes around that. So
yeah. Be mindful. Yeah. So
then the idea though, is
that if, if it has
all the features that I
need and I'm ready to
go, I could go and
create an application that will,
you know, have what 90%
code reuse. If you have
a sense of the reuse,
I've seen figures as high
as 95, but I think
it depends a little bit
on your project type as
well, what you're trying to
do. Right. But yeah, there's
really, really huge benefits. And
then what really excites me
is, yeah, it's cool that
it's here now. It's a
little bit broken, there's a
few features missing, but the,
the rumors that are here
around, around the, the, you
know, the, the stomping grounds
of forums and Twitter and
whatever else is that this
is now going to be
available across windows or Microsoft
platforms so that you can
use it on X-Box in
the future. So you write
an app once, you know,
your, your favorite cooking show
app. Cause that seems to
be the thing in Australia
is to, and then it'll
work on Xbox and it'll
work on windows and it'll
work on windows phone. So
that's the, the kind of
the grand convergence that everyone
talks about that we'll have
one platform. And then one
of the things I think
is really nice is that
folks like Xamarin really seem
enthusiastic about, about embracing this
new model as well. So
when I see them doing
their demos where you've got
a windows app and a
windows phone app, they'll go
and they'll add in an
Android app and they'll use
that same shared project type.
So theoretically I could have
my, my news reading application
on every platform everywhere with
as much reading Use as,
as is possible. That would
be also, that would be
certainly I'm, I'm keen to
see what, how Xamarin pans
out in terms of universal
apps. Cause I'm sure they'll
do something pickers that now
presents new challenges. Cause they
just go to working with
windows phone and there they're
going to change the two
windows runtime. So, but you
know, who knows where it
might go. I know that
Microsoft is working on, you
know, in cast stuff. So
will you be able to
get your news read app
in cars with no voice
control? That would be exactly
that that's what really excites
me is the prospect of
this. If Microsoft sticks to
what they set out to
do with the whole one
direction of everything. Well, it
seems like then from a
developer perspective and correct me
if I'm wrong, that I
should make sure that my
app is using MVVM model
model view, view model, a
kind of architectural style and
is factored is such that
it does not make a
lot of assumptions about what's
going on in the user
interface so that I could
reuse as much of the
core logic As possible. Yeah.
I always use MVVM unless
it's a really simple project
where it's sort of just
adds too much overhead MVVM
to me just makes sense
in, you know, 80% of
cases for phone, at least.
So absolutely I'm finding with
I'm not as experienced The
program was you are. I
think that I'm having a
lot of trouble with asynchrony
and keeping track of like
what's going on in the
background. That's been the most
challenging thing to me, although
it is comforting that I
can do async and a
weight on the way Those
phones. Yes. Yeah, you can.
I was just about to
say that that does help.
But if you have background
tasks though, is always something
you only have to juggle
a few things to get
it manage, but several people
will make it work Well.
Oh well now I'm in
trouble. Yeah. It just, it
just seems like there's so
many things that could potentially
go wrong about on a
mobile device. Cause you're, It
comes and goes, your radio
might turn off at any
time. Your Bluetooth might shut
off. It's really with a
computer, a desktop machine it's
either on or it's not,
and maybe it's on the
internet or it's not, but
for the most part, it's
pretty static with a, with
a phone, other background tasks
and popup notifications can appear.
A lot of stuff can
happen at the same time
while you're trying to run
your app. Exactly. And you
know, yeah. To put a
bit of a plug, I'm
just finishing up my, my
third parole site course, which
is about building your first
windows phone app. And that's
exactly one of the things
I'm talking about is that
you have to be mindful.
Yeah. This is a phone
platform. You have to be,
you know, you have to
think like a user, okay.
I might switch off network.
I might not have network.
I might open another app
suddenly I might come back
to you and you know,
all of this thing, all
these usage scenario and workflows,
you have to think about,
so, Oh, you'll give me
a link to that and
we'll add it to the
show notes. Okay. I shall
it's not live yet. So,
but as soon as it
is, I will. Okay. Okay.
Brilliant. And what do you
think about Microsoft buying Nokia?
Was that a good, I
think it was it's if
you look at it from,
from a noxious side, it's
been, what they've done forever.
Knock has been around for
a long, long time, 140
years or something. And they've
been, you know, they're starting
out producing gumboots and toilet
paper and TVs and they
just sell off all this
stuff. They seem to be
more of an innovative innovate
innovation factory. They come up
with these brilliant businesses and
they sell them off. So
I wasn't surprised it was
a huge part. Of course
we're not because that's what
people know them for. But
in terms of, of behaviors,
not unusual, I don't think.
And then from Microsoft side
it makes perfect sense. They
bought a whole logistic, you
know, delivery system. So they've
a whole hardware delivery system
they've basically invested in. So
it's not just a brand
and some foam models and
some people it's a complete
company that knows how to
deliver hardware into a global
marketplace. So I understand why
they did that. And do
you think that that'll allow
them to, to innovate faster?
I mean, is the idea
that you'll be able to
come up with newer and
more innovative designs? I don't
know. That's, that's a good
question because obviously Nokia has
a ton of talented people.
We've seen none of them,
you know, the devices that's
come out of it. So
if, if Microsoft can leverage
of that and improve on
it. Absolutely. Yeah. I hope
so. I'd like to just
do some reconciliation of the,
Of the, of the platform
and get it down to
like, what's the flagship, like,
what's the ultimate like with,
with an iPhone or with
an Android? I like, there's
always that sense of like,
I just want the best
Hmm. With, with windows phone,
I feel like the nine
30, the 10 20 and
the 15, 20 are all
the best for different reason.
That's right. Yeah. And I
think the nine 30 or
the, the icon is where
they were headed with them
and it is I've, I've
used it a couple of
times. It is an absolutely
beautiful device it's got, I
don't know how to the
screen on it is. I
often compare it to paper.
I don't know if that's
it's a bit weird, but
it just feels, yeah, I
dunno. It's really, really nice,
but it doesn't have the
camera of the 10 20.
This is really bothering you.
You brought that up a
number of times. Not, it's
just not the thing is
I would give up the
camera. It's still a fantastic
camera. It's still an eight
megapixel plus camera. I think
it's the 20 megapixel. Come
on. I know In AP
screen though, that's what I
need. You know what I
mean? I need the retina
screen. Exactly. And you will,
you will get that. It's
coming to you to the,
all the new Nokia devices
I'm sure is all written
there. What? 10 ADP, but
I don't know. I'll take
a lot of photos. I
really enjoy the camera on
the 10 20, the, and
I've done a couple of
presentations where I display on
the showcase, the zoom on
it. So you take a
picture and then zoom in
on a particular feature and
people are just in awe
because it's, there's nothing like
it. The demo that always
blows people's minds is taking
a number plate or license
plate photograph. You know, if
you're in a cafe and
you just point at a
car and say, I'm going
to take a picture of
that number plate from here
and then, and then zoom
in and then try to
have them do that on
my iPhone. It's funny. I'm
sitting here teasing you about
the difference between 43 megapixels
and 20. And I, and
I'm still using an iPhone,
but I hate the camera
on this darn phone. Well,
that might change because they've
just hired the top guy
at Nakia. They did that
built the camera of the
41 payment, maybe 60 cameras.
So hopefully something cool will
come out of Apple from
that One other thing to
compare between Apple and windows
phone is Siri versus Cortana.
Yup. That's I don't know
if COVID, if people aren't
familiar with Katana, it's a,
it's like Siri on steroids.
It's, it's a convergence of
Siri and Google now Katana's
can do stuff like it
can set up an appointment
for say, you have a,
you need to buy him
on flowers cause we all
do over. And then you
say, okay, Katana, remind me
to buy, ask my mom
about flowers. Next time I
talked to her, for example,
and then what Catana does
is sets up a reminder,
but the reminder will pop
up if you're texting your
mom or if you're writing
her an email, or if
you calling it, it'll pop
up and say, Oh, don't
forget to ask him about
flowers. And that sort of
contextual stuff is very cool.
And I haven't really seen
that on any other platforms.
So on, on iPhone, they,
they, they make A big
deal out of the, the
geo fencing, contextual aspect of
things. So the, the killer
feature is to say, remind
me to get milk when
I leave Here, where you
hear that as well. But
the idea of contextual in
the sense of whenever I
interact with this other individual,
No it doesn't. And it's
very useful. I've used it
a few times. Yeah. You
know, it's almost, Oh, don't
forget to ask this person
about that and go, all
right, I'll set a reminder.
So whenever you interact with
that person, you'll actually remember
to ask them, See, that's
something that I feel is
an education issue. I feel
like, and this is just
micro. I mean, I'm, I
am a Microsoft employee, but
speaking just personally, I don't
think we do a great
job of educating people on
these features. Like rather than,
you know, music, videos and
commercials that are like that.
I would like us to
have single tasked commercials that
explain something, like, just show
me someone doing a real
life situation. Like, you know,
call my wife and then
calls my wife. Then I
hang up and I say,
remind me to ask my
wife about getting the house
painted. Next time I talked
to her, you know, that
that's, these are very reasonable
things. But for someone who
buys the phone at their
local telephone company, they're not
really going to discover. Yeah.
They're not, they don't know.
And that's, it's a beef
I've had with Microsoft marketing
for a number of years.
Cause I seem to do
all that for them. So,
because I obviously I've, I
discovered this features cause I
can't put the phone down,
I just keep using it.
So I agree. It's something
that would pinpoint or highlight
hero features is very well
received. Usually in my opinion
and the features. I like
that. Yeah. Yeah. It's the
features that make the, the,
the platform unique. So Katana's
also borrowed stuff from Google.
Now, such as if you
have flights coming in through
your email, it'll know about
them, it'll know how to
read your email and it'll
remind you about your flight.
It will set it up
on your calendar. It'll even
track it for you. If
you want to all, without
you having to do any
interaction at all. And these
sorts of features, they will
pop up eventually. Cause people
will notice, Oh, hang on.
This is something new. But
the feature of, of reminding,
you know, contextual reminders to
have contact, they're just, people
won't know unless you tell
them. Huh? That's interesting. I,
I wonder if it's really,
like you said, it's on
steroids, Siri on steroids. That's
a bold step. Yeah. But
I think it is serious.
Good. And it's certainly gotten
better, but they still, it's
still very much a one
thing at a time as
it's been my beef with
iOS, I had an iPhone
for a couple of years
and I loved it. Cause
it was awesome. But it,
then it never really moved
from there. It still is
one thing at a time.
So you send a text
message, then you go out
to the store to the
start screen to choose another
app. And it continues that
way. And it's the same
with you. Ask it one
thing. Alright, done. You could
do another thing on Katana.
You can say exactly. For
example, in Australia, you have,
we use Celsius in America,
use Fahrenheit. So if I
asked for the weather tomorrow,
because Catana is only available
in the U S I've
had to jiggle my phone
so that I can get
it, but it tells me
the temperature in Fahrenheit. But
then the next question I
can say, ah, Catana, show
me that and give me
that in Celsius. And she
knows what I mean, contextually
that I'm referring to when
you say that that context
is kept. Yeah, exactly. That's
nice. You know, it's funny.
I was in Canada. I
happened to take my iPhone
up there and I noticed
that when I, my wife
and I were arguing and
we were asking the system
how tall a particular actor
was. And it knew to
give me meters while I
was in Canada. And then
later that day we went
back over the border and
then it told me in
feet and inches. That's nice.
Isn't it? That's the way
it should be. Absolutely. It
should be contextual. Absolutely. That's
cool. Yeah. That's it's technology
is meant to enhance and
make our lives easier. Not,
you know, tearing our hair
out, banging at stuff. The
trick is of course making
it intuitive. One man's intuitive
is another person's completely unintuitive.
So it all depends. Yup.
Yup. I've noticed that some
of these systems, like someone
might argue, for example, that
setting the region of the
device or the keyboard on
the device would be the,
the reason that should do
that. Not based on my
location. So being in Canada
doesn't mean I want to
switch to meters if I'm
an American in Canada. Yeah.
Well, yes and no, but
you know, I'm a Danish
guy living in Australia, but
I still want Danish keyboard
and Australian keyboard on my
phone because I'll take my
mum and Danish, but I'd
text my partner in Australia
or in English. So, you
know, there's, there's different usage
scenarios for it, I guess.
And when do you, when
do we think that windows
8.1 is going to be
everywhere? Cause I know I
put it on my wife's
machine just by downloading the
developer preview application. I'm guessing.
Well the release support release
cycle has been announced to
start on June 24. So
that's when all of us
geeks of expecting it to
be released. Well, that's pretty
cool. I'm looking forward to
that. And I suppose it'll
probably be pushed out by
different carriers on different devices
and it'll roll out over
some number of months. Yeah.
It will usually take a
few months. Depends on which
carry you on. Obviously if
you bought a phone out,
right, you are not on
any carrier, so you should
get it straight away. But
yeah, it, it depends on
your local carrier, how fast
they are to update all
of their crap where they
put on it. I mean,
Yeah, indeed. Another couple apps
and a couple other things
about the windows phone that,
you know, just like they're
the calling. They kind of
make me want to get
off my iPhone are things
like driving mode. Have you
set that up? I did
set it up and it
annoyed the hell out of
me really, but it's a
good, yeah. I love that.
It, I know back when
I'm on the phone, I
love that. Yeah. Well it's
a good idea. It's just
that I wouldn't use to
being aware that something's happened
and suddenly it was completely
silent. So I just, I
maybe I didn't get used
to it. I dunno. Yeah.
I have heard of people
that really like it and
it'll know text back and
say, Hey, I'm driving, I'll
call you back. When I
want to stop. When both
my parents saw my wife's
10, 20, and each of
them bought one and my
dad particularly likes the texting
you while I'm driving things.
So if, if he doesn't
like talking on the phone
while he's driving, even though
he has Bluetooth, so the
phone automatically texts me when
he's driving and then we'll
remind him to call me,
you know, when he stops
the car. And I think
that's an exactly, that's another
perfectly good commercial they should
do. Yes. It's another feature.
That's, it's a very simple
feature and it doesn't take
you really any time to
set up and then it
just works. But no one
knows about it. Yeah, absolutely.
So people can learn more
about Laura's at, about.me/large.clinton. I'll
put that on the show
notes and then when your
Pluralsight course comes out, we'll
put that up as well.
Lovely. Brilliant. Thanks so much
for chatting with me today.
No worries. Thanks Scott. For
having me. This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again next
week.